Thousands of miles are affected by this
What's going on here?
You rubbish
Eight years ago, the family spared a dog's life
I'll be your shrinking turtle
Now it's popping up
You really don't know how the word death is written
Fierce god you trash
Don't forget.
Xiao Jia hunted you down
Humph life and death
You just run away to the ends of the earth
Can't escape the palms of the Xiao family
Xiaohanshan
You are a dog of the Xiao family
It just so happens that you took the initiative to come to the door
Want to work hard on me
Kill him Xiao Chen
You are as reckless as you were eight years ago
But you're lucky
There must be news over there
Wu Weijun wants to do something big in Yuncheng
I am a Ma Qianzu of the Xiao family
Offering invitations to the family
During this period
Not easy to see blood or goodbye
Spare you a few days of luck
I'll pick it up in person as soon as Wuweijun leaves
Here we go.
What should I do about this?
Little family lore order
Qingxue, don't worry.
We're going home.
depressed
I thought you were amazing
Can really be seen by big people
It was all fake
Hmph, go back to your home.
Don't pull us to learn from mom
What are you doing?
What do you want me to do to separate you from this loser?
Yes!
Didn't you see that they are all from the Xiao family?
They have issued a lore order
In three days, this kid will be dead for you
Xiao Family
The Xiao family can't cover the sky with one hand, right?
Before that, President Murong and the others
They are all respectful to Xiao Chen
maybe
Xiao Chen is indeed the daughter of a big shot?
You are so naive
In front of the Xiao family
Except for Murong Lan of Tenglong Group
That's a little bit of strength
Andy Lau and Huo Jingliang
I'm telling you it's not even a fart
Xiao Jia is the head of the four major families in Kyoto
The name is full of that boulder top beef